hey guys got here today showing you in
modern warfare 3 wow that's two MW 3
videos in a row wow it's kind of
surprising but showing you an mw3
free-for-all gameplay here on fallen
quickscoping with the l 118 a sniper
rifle I'm using sleight of hands quick
draw and dead sounds too obviously dead
silence is not the best perk I could use
in a respawn base game type but I like
to be able to sound or I don't like to
hear my own footsteps so I pretty much
run dead silence and almost all of my
classes but anyways using the l 118 a
today and this is probably i think this
is the first free-for-all sniping
gameplay for mw3 time putting up on to
my channel and I don't know why I've
avoided free for all I don't know why I
haven't played it because when I got
this game played the other day I was
actually having a lot of fun sniping
here ordinarily you guys know that I was
not really a free-for-all sniper back in
black ops I would do a lot of like live
free-for-all sniping gameplay
commentaries but I was not like the
free-for-all guy I enjoyed playing
surgeon destroy more than anything else
but seems like in this game at least
when I'm playing Kill Confirmed research
and destroy something and I'm talking
with friends you know we got a party I
can't focus and the difference for me at
least between this game and black ops is
that in this game for me I have to focus
when I'm sniping because I'm still not
completely used to how it works I'm
still sort of in the black ops mode when
it comes to sniping and quick scoping
and stuff so when I'm playing this game
I'm playing Search and Destroy Kill
Confirmed I have to focus on hitting
shots and shooting people and whereas in
black ops I can just you know play run
around shoot people and it's actually
easier for me because I'm more used to
it so when I'm playing free-for-all I
don't have anyone to talk to I play
alone I'm usually live streaming when
I'm playing but I'm for the most part
playing alone I don't have people to
talk to so I can focus on trying my
brains out focus on hitting shots and
whatnot so I was actually having a lot
of fun the other day when I was playing
free from when I was sniping and I did
end up doing pretty well in a few games
so I don't know if you guys enjoy seeing
free for all I don't know if you guys
would enjoy seeing pretty fraud live
commentaries or whatever in the future
but if you do like free for all if you
think it's okay for me to post please
leave those comments below because I do
like free fall and it is kind of easier
for me to get gameplays while playing
free for all
I can concentrate a little better but
yeah so anyways using the l 118 a today
some people ask me why I don't use the
MSR and the reason for that is just
because I dislike the MSR I don't think
it's that consistent I can't drag scope
with it like I do with the l 118 a and I
don't know the MSR is a sexier sniper
rifle makes a better sound but it's not
as good in my mind is not as accurate
and I get more hit marketers with the
MSR so I like using the l 118 a so
that's that but today going to be
talking a little bit about free for all
because like i said before i did i say
before i'll remember but I'm not usually
a free-for-all guy and I found myself
playing this and I do want to say that
in my mind free fall is one of the more
balanced game types of modern warfare 3
now obviously I've said it before I'll
say it again modern warfare 3 is not
that balanced of a game they there's the
opie weapons type 95 it's greatly more
powerful than the famas was in
conjunction with other weapons the type
95 is more powerful than the famas ever
was but it's not a balanced game but i
do believe free-for-all is one of the
more balanced game types because if you
find people who play like little bitches
who camp in corners who use death
streaks or whatever who died a lot this
they're not going to do well like you
can have a type 95 red dot or an ACR
silence user and they can try their
brains out that's fine they can use
those weapons but they're camping in a
corner playing like a little bitch
they're not going to win the game
free-for-all has always been like that
and black ops I used to run around with
a sniper I used to end the game like 30
and 20 or 30 and 25 and I would die
quite a bit more than the second or
third place winners of that free for all
but I would win because I was running
around because I was actively seeking
out other people to shoot and it hasn't
changed in this game in this game if
you're actively looking for other people
to shoot if you're moving around moving
towards those spawns not sitting in
corners and just constantly moving
around a little bit at least to seek out
people to shoot it will benefit you you
will win the game and I know in this
game and in other free for all games you
often see me playing the spawns because
in free for all that's what you got to
do you have to play the spawns a little
bit you have to predict where they're
going to come out you have to take a
power position like right here up this
hill
it's a power position but at the same
time you can't just camp like you do on
other game types like in team deathmatch
if you camped in one building looking
out of one window and you went 30 and
one you would be helping your team more
than if you ran around and went 40 and
20 we use the spread that you do 30 and
one is a plus 29 killed death spread and
if you go 40 and 20 you're only helping
your team by 20 kills so in team
deathmatch you can actually do really
really well just camping and in this in
free for all since this is a competition
one-on-one or will not one-on-one but
it's like a solo competition you don't
have teammates helping you out and also
getting kills its yeah you can't camp as
much and that guy see he always dies
there's always a guy in that corner and
I always shoot him and I uh I don't
understand why you sit in that corner
just wait for people to come to you I
can't I've never been like that Oh get
pooped on I've never I've never been
like that I've never had the patience to
sit somewhere and wait for people to
come to me I've always had to seek them
out or else I you know I get bored I'm
like okay I can't find anyone to shoot
in this game is boring might as well
leave but for some people it's like oh
I'll just sit in the corner and wait for
people to come to me and I don't
understand why they do that it's just I
get so bored if I do that I just can't
play the game if I don't find people to
actively shoot it and yeah so I mean
that's pretty much all to say uh-huh
free-for-all is just a cool new game
type will not really new but it's a cool
game type that i just recently
discovered again on mon / 3 and i
believe it is pretty balanced in the
fact that you do have to actively seek
out people to shoot seek out enemies to
kill if you want to win the game and I
mean it's pretty good i'm looking
forward to posting more free-for-all
with you guys would permit me to if you
guys would enjoy seeing that kind of
thing out definitely post free for all
because i can actually focus while
playing it and get these typing game
plays I don't ordinarily get in mono
over 3 I don't know maybe I just need to
warm up a little bit more practice a
little bit more but yeah I mean so if
you guys are having sniping frustrations
in this game because I've had sniping
frustrations in mono 43 for the longest
time if you're frustrated with slight me
in this game and you just can't seem to
do well where we just died too quick try
playing for you all try trying your
brains out and playing choke points
playing cover and just being really
smart about it because I can't I
personally can't try my brains out when
sleeping when it comes to kill confirmed
I have to run it enemies who are camping
and I don't know I just don't do as well
but try out free for all if you haven't
yet but anyways guys my name is Kyle
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
it and drop this video like if you did
enjoy the commentary or the gameplay and
I'll catch you guys later thanks for
watching